Introduce 'transfers' packages (#9320)
mistercrunch/Airflow: CONTRIBUTING.rst

  of which several different provider packages are produced (apache.cassandra, apache.druid). This is
  case when the providers are connected under common umbrella but very loosely coupled on the code level.
* In some cases the package can have sub-packages but they are all delivered as single provider
  package (for example 'google' package contains 'ads', 'cloud' etc. sub-packages). This is in case
  the providers are connected under common umbrella and they are also tightly coupled on the code level.
* Typical structure of provider package:
    * example_dags -> example DAGs are stored here (used for documentation and System Tests)
    * hooks -> hooks are stored here
    * operators -> operators are stored here
    * sensors -> sensors are stored here
    * secrets -> secret backends are stored here
    * transfers -> transfer operators are stored here
* Module names do not contain word "hooks" , "operators" etc. The right type comes from
  the package. For example 'hooks.datastore' module contains DataStore hook and 'operators.datastore'
  contains DataStore operators.
* Class names contain 'Operator', 'Hook', 'Sensor' - for example DataStoreHook, DataStoreExportOperator

> * Operator name usually follows the convention: <Subject><Action>Operator (DataStoreExportOperator) is a good

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Operator name usually follows the convention: <Subject><Action><Entity>Operator (BigQueryExecuteQueryOperator) is a good
```
It is not a good idea to use the verb alone. Here is an example: https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/9314
We had CloudBuildCreate to create Build, and then it turned out that the service has grown and you can also create BuildTriggey, so we created a new operator CloudBuildCreateBuildTrigger. If we do not have a noun, the operator's name has become ambiguous.
